So in module 11 caching content, we are going to look to the architecture of need for the cafe to consider
their content.
And we will understand multiple methodology we use for caching and we will understand more about engaging
and caching web sessions and caching databases.
And then we will look at about streaming dynamic content using Amazon Cloud F1.
So the architecture needs for the cafe as we know that the capacity of the cafe's infrastructure is
being overloaded with the same request and this efficiency is increasing cost and latency.
So how we can resolve this problem where multiple requests are requesting the same files and most likely
these are going to be a static content that we can be easily caching, engaging.
We want to create capacity, speed and in order to achieve that, we want to look to caching technology
and solution that we want to employ in the CAFE infrastructure.
So the first thing we want to consider whether there is a high speed data storage layout, are we going
to store a subset of the data and whether we are going to increase the data retrieval performance if
we employ a caching strategy and what what we can do, what we can do in order to reduce the need to
access the underlying the slower storage layer.
So let us take a very simple example about caching.
So if you can see here we have a hardware store and the table time for the hardware store actually takes
us to 30 minutes to reach it.
We better have a storage unit in our home and this is basically will enable us to get access to the
hardware tools faster and in a short period of time.
So what should you charge is there's multiple things you can think about it in order to cache.
Now, most importantly, guys, you can catch the content which basically not dynamic, but they are
static.
So data that requires a slow and expensive the query to acquire.
And it started and the frequently accessed data for example, are provided for your social media website
and any information that can be stored for some time, such as any publicly traded the stock price.
So you can cache, for example, the price of a famous stock price like up a lot.
If you down this kind of price, that's not a very good idea because the Bitcoin price is very volatile.
It keeps changing over everything in a minute.
So we have to be careful about that.
Now what are the benefits of caching caching provide us with high throughput, low latency, access
to a frequently access data so caching can improve the speed of your application, reduce the response
latency that users experience with your application, and reduce application processing time and database
access time for a read heavy workload.
Remember for writing Heavy Workload, we have another mechanism that we want to employ in our fleet
that is so caching to throw out the data journey.
So in a very small day we can maybe summarizes the whole thing.
So normally a user would request the data from a database and these need only be served the of the application
server and the application server will serve the user.
Normally the performance and the latency of this application is not going to be very good.
So what we could do is we could put a third layer here, which is a casting layer where the application
server will host and store the data in the cache and the customers will start to get to the data from
the cache.
And straight away now let us look to edge caching and how each caching can be used in order to improve
our performance of our application.
So if we have a user, they normally go to the origin server to request.
For example, we can look at a very famous website like Amazon dot com and what we will find.
The latency will be different between multiple users based on their location.
To improve the efficiency and the performance of our Web site.
What we could do is we could use a content delivery network and that content delivery network or CBN
is referred to a globally distributed system of caching servers where we caches copies of commonly requested
files, normally static content, and we can deliver a local copy of the requested contents from a nearby
cache or edge location or a point of presence.
We can also improve the application performance and the scaling.
A good example of content delivery network in the US is Amazon, a global city and a cloud which is
optimized for delivery use cases with multi-tier cache by default and extensive flexibility.
It provides us with an extra layer of security for our architecture and remember cloud front support
with sockets, HTP and history tips content.
If you take for example, Amazon would come as a sample to what we need to cash.
In this website.
You will notice that we are going to ask the you for the address and for the communication between the
user and the website we are going to look for.
For example, for Amazon logo.
Amazon logo is a static content that not going to change over time.
So we are beta to catch it.
Now look to the user inputs in the user input here.
These are going to query the database so they are normally written back different type dynamic content.
In this particular scenario, we are not going to cache the query results because each user might get
different query or search for something.
There is another optimization for the query we can use that we can employ.
However, we could cache the query results.
If customers, for example, look to the same item all over again, we can query and cash the query.
It is now for our with object.
We can cast them for the videos that we can see here and the images that we can see here.
Both they can be easily cached because these are static content.
They cannot be modified.
So how caching works in the cloud different?
You normally create a cloud distribution tool that your website is going to be stored in an image location.
What does the user request the content there?
We go to the edge location if they can find if there is.
I hope this is what we call if they are fine what they are looking for, the location is going to return
back that result to them.
If there is no content in the location to meet the query that the user or the origin server will be
asked to retrieve the content, it will be cast and then the user will be sent from the cache to configure
that cloud difference.
You can specify the origin server and this is with an activity bucket and see to an instance or I a
spear, a store container or any kind of.
A lot of that.
You have money in your Amazon infrastructure.
Then you will configure a distribution and that distribution will define the access who can access the
content, whether you want to limit the content for a specific location, country or a continent.
The security, whether you are going to use a security certificate in order to offer a history instead
of offering only this YouTube.
And whether you want to save cookies and create a string and forwarding, for example, if you are,
for one thing, the request to another domain or to another website, and whether you want to do a jurisdiction
and to save all the access logs to cloud this front and the cloud front sends your distribution configuration
to edge location.
How these content in a cloud different will be exploited.
You have multiple things to consider when you post the content in a cloud from the first one is time
to live.
If I put an image in a cloud offload, I could assign a time to live.
How long the image should stay is going to cloud the front without going back to the origin server to
request a new copy of that image.
Normally this is the expiration period of that image and it's normally stated by you.
Sometimes if you have a digital content, you need to adjust the time to live and make it very short
in order to fetch any copy.
For example, maybe you change the logo of the company.
So instead of waiting for the client to update its content, you can set the time to live into zero,
for example.
And in this case the cloud different will go back to your origin server with anew image.
Another method you can do as well is to rename a defining name or you can change the object name and
in this case and your name will force an immediate refresh for any invalidated object or any mess,
which is basically a user requesting a content.
Maybe it's a video and as with you, you deleted it from your website.
This is will be considered as an invalidated object which normally cost you money.
So you have to be careful about the amount of objects that they are invalidated.
There is also another method you could use in order to enforce the cloud front, to update the content
where you can make and invalidate the request.
And that invalidating request will make your cloud different and then force it to go back to the origin
set about retrieve the content.
So this is an example of video on demand streaming.
You can see here we can use Elemental Media Convert.
It's a service that reads files from Amazon, etc. and those are sent via iCloud, the front to end
user.
For dynamically generated content.
Like my times, for example, we need a faster DB responses.
In this case, we can connect our cloud to front distribution with our elastic load balancing, which
we guarantee that it will send the request to a very good, reliable server to in order to respond to
this query.
You could also use a cloud different for denial of service or distributed denial of service mitigation.
So for example, here we have a user communicating with our domain and Amazon iCloud front and that
is linked to Amazon Love, which is the tool we use for denial of service attack and then where to speak
within the cloud, different distribution which can directly speak with an elastic load balancing in
order to get the NBC server to respond to our query.
So keep in your mind that the cloud reference is used in order to overcome content caching.
Dismissed any static content when you have two instances and as the three they are global city and services
and the cloud front use multiple locations original image caches.
In order to deliver your content to your user, you can use the cloud, the front to deliver your content
and you can specify an origin server and you can configure a distribution.
It is very important as well for you to go and understand the multiple different type of distribution
that we can.
Wired with the cloud, you can use the cloud to front to improve the resilience of your application.
That's run on us from a distributed denial of service attacks.
And this is take us to module 11, which is the guided livestreaming dynamic content using Amazon different
this is will teach you how you can use it, how different, how you can create distribution and how
you can use also another can use services for you which is Amazon Elastic Transcode and Amazon Cloud,
a front with Apple CTP live livestream or HLS protocol.
In this particular lab, you will create a cloud different distribution, you will create an Amazon
elastic transcode that a pipeline, and then you will test the playback of that dynamic multi bitrate
stream and you can also share the link with your defence to see entities that are from different countries.
Or you can use VPN in order to test that the performance of your cloud, different distribution from
different location and global.